Project:                   Group Project 14
Meeting:                   Mid-Week Project Planning Meeting
Persons present:           All project members
Place and date of meeting: PJM Lounge, Tuesday 22nd October 2013
Circulation list:          All project members, plus project manager
Author:                    Lars Hudson Lunde (lah25)
Date of minutes:           Thursday 24th October 2013
Version:                   1.2

Matters arising
===============

1. All present except Michael Oddie have a blog up.
ACTION: meo9

2. Rob Bolton and Theo Taylor. They will present the slides from the Android
workshop next meeting. 
ACTION: tht5, rab26

3. James Berry was asked to present the Web site design next Friday.
ACTION: jab73

4. Jake Maguire was assigned to be Deputy QA Manager.

5. Michael Oddie and Theo Taylor need to look at test procedures and planning.
ACTION: meo9, tht5

6. Michael Oddie needs to convert the ODP document containing a mockup of the UI to a
more universal format like PDF.
ACTION: meo9

7. Lars Lunde needs to look up the QA document for the Project Plan and present
it to the group in the next meeting.
ACTION: lah25


New business
============

1. Josh Tumath asked everyone for their mobile phone numbers.

2. Josh Tumath has set up at GitHub repository for the project. Everyone is
required to create an account on GitHub and tell Josh their username so that
they can be added as a contributor.
ACTION: Everyone

3. It was decided that the mid-week meetings will typically be held on
Wednesdays at 13:00.

4. It was decided we will be using either MySQL or SQLite for our database.

AOB
===

None.
