Project:                   Group Project 14
Meeting:                   Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present:           All project members except Michael Oddie (meo9)
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Friday 18th October 2013
Circulation list:          All project members, plus project manager
Author:                    Josh Tumath (jmt14)
Date of minutes:           Saturday 19th October 2013
Version:                   1.0

Matters arising
===============

1. Chris Loftus reported that photos of Jake Maguire and James Berry were still
needed. These were taken during the meeting.

2. Chris Loftus reported that many members of the team still need to create a
WordPress blog for documenting their work on the project. These members are
required to email a link of it to Chris and write a blog post about what they
were doing on the first week of the project.
ACTION: Everyone who has not done this

3. Josh Tumath reported that he had created the Facebook group for the project.

4. Lars Lunde presented on important information in the QA documents. Namely the
documents referring to Java source code standards and the documentation
standards.

5. James Mellor presented on the Google Maps APIs. There are various APIs that
we can use and have to "switch on" in order to request access to use them. Jake
Maguire asked if the project requirements specify if the Android app should
track the user using geographical location APIs as they are walking around using
it. This matter needs to be looked into.

6. Rob Bolton and Theo Taylor presented on the Android app development workshop
that they attended during the week. They noted there were problems with the
computers during the session which wasted a lot of time. Rob also noted that
Android Studio may be a better IDE to use for development than Eclipse.

7. As Oddie did not attend, he was unable to present a preliminary design of the
UI for the Web-based side of the system. This will need to be presented in the
next meeting.
ACTION: meo9

8. Jake Maguire gave a run-over of a preliminary design of the UI for the
Android app.

9. James Berry gave a run over of the Web site. He suggested a database for data
storage. Chris Loftus asked that this be written up and posted to the group.
ACTION: jab73


New business
============

1. Roles for the team were discussed. Josh Tumath was selected by Chris Loftus
as Project Leader with consensus from the group. Theo Taylor was selected as
Deputy Project Leader. Lars Lunde accepted the role of QA Manager, as he was
asked to read over the QA documents before this meeting. A Deputy QA Manager was
not selected. Michael Oddie was suggested for this role. This will need to be
discussed in the next meeting. Rob Bolton was selected as Chief Architect.

2. Chris Loftus suggested that the group have an additional (less formal) weekly
meeting at some point in the week. Josh Tumath said he would use Doodle.com to
arrange this, and asked everyone to use it to mark when they are available.
ACTION: Everyone

3. Theo Taylor and Rob Bolton were asked to do a more detailed tutorial with the
rest of the group on Android app development (perhaps by going through the
slides they were given during the workshop).
ACTION: rab26, tht5

AOB
===

1. The next Weekly Project Meeting will be managed by Lynda Thomas as Chris
Loftus will be away.