Project:                    Group Project 14
Meeting:                    Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present:            All project members except Theo Taylor (tht5),
                            Michael Oddie (meo9), James Berry (jab73),
                            Lars Lunde (lah25), Chris Loftus (cwl)
Place and date of meeting:  C57a, Friday 25th October 2013
Circulation list:           All project members, plus project manager
Author:                     Jake Maguire (jam64)
Date of minutes:            25th October 2013
Version:                    1.1

Matters arising
===============

1. Josh Tumath asked everyone in the room whether or not they have sent their
blogs to Chris Loftus (cwl). Everyone in the room had.

2. Josh Tumath also asked everyone if they had created a GitHub account and been
added to the repository. Everyone in the room had. James Berry doesn't seem to
have been added and/or created an account. He will need to do so by the next
meeting.
ACTION: jab73

3. Rob Bolton gave a presentation on the Android workshop and strongly recommend
looking at the worksheet given on the introduction to android programming.
ACTION: Everyone

New business
============

1. Look at Test Plan in next Fridays meeting.

2. Decided on Dan Wakefield and Josh Tumath to attend the GitHub workshop on
Wednesday 30th October from 2pm to 5pm.
ACTION: daw46, jmt14

3. Discussed the possibility of moving next week's informal meeting to next
Tuesday 29th at 2pm/3pm due to a clash with the GitHub workshop. Still not
decided.
ACTION: Everyone

4. Looked at project plan and started to delegate individual sections of the
plan to people. Decided on Michael Oddie to look at the use case diagrams. Jake
Maguire to look at the GUI. Theo Taylor to look at the Gnatt chart. Will assign
remaining tasks to people in the next informal meeting (e.g. risk analysis).
Rough versions need to be ready for Friday. Drafts must be created in the wiki.
ACTION: Everyone

AOB
===

None.
