Project:                    Group Project 14
Meeting:                    Mid Week Project Meeting
Persons present:            All project members except Michael Oddie (moe9)
Place and date of meeting:  C57a, Friday 1st November 2013
Circulation list:           All project members, plus project manager
Author:                     Jake Maguire (jam64)
Date of minutes:            6th November 2013
Version:                    1.2

Matters arising
===============

1. Everyone has completed a first draft of their section of the project plan.

2. Lars gave a critique of everyone's work.


New business
============

1. Email URL of wordpress blogs to Josh Tumath.
    ACTION: EVERYONE INCOMPLETE

2. Tidy up Website design and incorporate ideas disscussed at project meeting. 
    ACTION: JAKE MAGUIRE COMPLETE
    
3. Update pictures for use cases(?).
    ACTION: ROB BOLTON COMPLETE
    
4. Make sure that write up is linked to functional requierments.
    ACTION JAKE MAGUIRE, ROB BOLTON COMPLETE

5. Update gantt chart.
    *Change dates of for work on prototypes (both web and android).
    *Make the header for prototypes a little clearer.
    *Clean up legend
    *Turn the brown squares yellow
    *Change "Rob and Dan" on legend to testing team or something along those lines.
    *Different colours for web and android team
      ACTION: THEO TAYLOR AND JOSH TUMATH COMPLETE
