Project:                    Group Project 14
Meeting:                    Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present:            All project members except Lars Lunde and Michael Oddie
Place and date of meeting:  C57a, Friday 29th November 2013
Circulation list:           All project members, plus project manager
Author:                     Jake Maguire (jam64)
Date of minutes:            1st December 2013
Version:                    1.0

Matters arising
===============

1. Reviewed current status of the design specification.

2. Reviewed current status of the web team.

3. Reviewed current status of the android team.

New business
============

1. Put Design Spec on to GitHub with source, and have the draft ready for review on wednesday.
  ACTION: THEO TAYLOR

2. Complete design spec for formal review on Wednesday.
  ACTION: JAMES MELLORS, THEO TAYLOR, MICHAEL ODDIE

3. Complete formal review for Wednesday. 
  ACTION: JAKE MAGUIRE

4. Make sure that chief architect (or rest of android team) talk to design spec team about possible algorithms.
  ACTION: ROB BOLTON, THEO TAYLOR

5. Email Bernie with question about whether or not we want to track the users walk or POIs.
  ACTION: ROB BOLTON, JOSH TUMATH (?)
  
6. Look at commiting to app branch rather than master.
  ACTION: ANDROID TEAM


AOB
===
  ONGOING
Make sure that mistakes and improvements are implemented in project plan according to feedback given.
  ACTION: EVERYONE 

