Project:                    Group Project 14
Meeting:                    Mid Week Project Meeting
Persons present:            All project members
                            Apology:
Place and date of meeting:  Weird Room close to B23, Wednesday 4th December 2013
Circulation list:           All project members, plus project manager
Author:                     Lars H Lunde (lah25)
Date of minutes:            4th November 2013
Version:                    1.0

Matters arising
===============

1. Put Design Spec on to GitHub with source, and have the draft ready for review on wednesday.
  ACTION: THEO TAYLOR: DONE

2. Complete design spec for formal review on Wednesday.
  ACTION: JAMES MELLORS, THEO TAYLOR, MICHAEL ODDIE: DONE

3. Complete formal review for Wednesday. 
  ACTION: JAKE MAGUIRE: DONE

4. Make sure that chief architect (or rest of android team) talk to design spec team about possible algorithms.
  ACTION: ROB BOLTON, MICHAEL ODDIE: DONR

5. Email Bernie with question about whether or not we want to track the users walk or POIs.
  ACTION: ROB BOLTON, JOSH TUMATH (?): DONE
  
6. Look at commiting to app branch rather than master.
  ACTION: ANDROID TEAM: DONE

New business
============

1. Design spec needs header, footer and copyright according to template.
  ACTION: JAMES MELLORS, THEO TAYLOR, MICHAEL ODDIE

2. Edit Design Spec purpose, add references and check spelling, change so that there is only
   2 parts to the program, explain superclass better, and set long description to 1000 characters
   both in app and database
  ACTION: JAMES MELLORS, THEO TAYLOR, MICHAEL ODDIE


