Project:                    Group Project 14
Meeting:                    Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present:            All project members, plus project manager
                            except Oddie, injured leg
Place and date of meeting:  C57a, Friday 1st November 2013
Circulation list:           All project members, plus project manager
Author:                     Lars Hudson Lunde
Date of minutes:            1st November 2013
Version:                    1.0

Matters arising
===============

1. Ask bernie about login system and editing walks.

2. Use hash of EFI as identifier for individual phones?

3. Add a function to delete walks locally

4. Hva a section in the project plan about the roles of each
team member.

5. Have a complete project plan completed by Wednesday 6th of November.

6. Have Lars convert the project plan to LaTeX by Thursday 7th of November.

7. Rob and Dan make a testing plan.

8. Lars will make walkthrough for LaTeX, and have a seperate folder for
the source of all tex sourcefiles.

9. Lars will read the formal review QA documents.

10. Blogs need better upkeep and detail.

11. Everyone needs to send their blog URLs to Josh.


New business
============

1. Rob and Dan make a testing plan.

2. Lars will make a formal review.

3. Work will be done to make the design plan.


AOB
===

1. Rob will generously use his server space for the project.

2. It will be hosted under a new domain ending in tk.

