Project:                    Group Project 14
Meeting:                    Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present:            All project members except Michael Oddie (moe9)
Place and date of meeting:  C57a, Friday 1st November 2013
Circulation list:           All project members, plus project manager
Author:                     Lars Hudson Lunde (lah25)
Date of minutes:            1st November 2013
Version:                    1.2

Matters arising
===============

1. Ask the client about login system and editing walks.
ACTION: jmt14 COMPLETE

2. The group went over what they did for each section of the Project Plan and
discussed any problems.

3. Chris Loftus mentioned a section in the Project Plan should list the roles of
each team member.

4. Everyone's respective sections of the Project Plan will need to be completed
by next Wednesday meeting. The work should be uploaded on the wiki, ready to be
converted to a formal document.
ACTION: Everyone COMPLETE

5. Have Lars convert the project plan to LaTeX by Thursday 7th of November.
ACTION: lah25 IN PROGRESS

6. Lars Lunde will make walkthrough for LaTeX.
ACTION: lah25 COMPLETE

7. Chris Loftus mentioned that the blogs need better upkeep and detail.
Everyone needs to send their blog URLs to Josh Tumath so that he can keep track
of everyone's work hours.
ACTION: Everyone INCOMPLETE


New business
============

1. Josh Tumath explained the work that will be done over the next few weeks. The
testing plan will be started next week, and the design specification the week
after.

2. Rob Bolton and Dan Wakefield will start work on the testing plan document and
have a draft completed by Friday.
ACTION: rab26, daw46 IN PROGRESS

3. Lars Lunde will prepare a formal review to conduct at the next Wednesday
meeting for reviewing the competed Project Plan.
ACTION: lah25 NOT NEEDED... YET


AOB
===

1. The group discussed how to identify individual phones. It was suggested using
hash of EFI as identifier for individual phones.

2. The topic of where the online portion of the system will be hosted was
discussed. Rob will generously allow us to use his server space for the project.
It was suggested we could use the "tk" free domain name service.
