Project:                    Group Project 14
Meeting:                    Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present:            All project members except Theo Taylor, Michael Oddie, James Berry, 
                                                          Lars Lunde, Chris Loftus
Place and date of meeting:  C57a, Friday 25th October 2013
Circulation list:           All project members, plus project manager
Author:                     Jake Maguire (jam64)
Date of minutes:            25th October 2013
Version:                    1.0

Matters arising
===============

1. Josh Tumath asked everyone in the room whether or not they have sent their blogs to Chris Loftus 
(cwl). Everyone in the room had.

2. Josh Tumath also asked everyone if they had created a GitHub account and been added to the 
project. Everyone in the room had. James Berry doesn't seem to have been added and/or created an 
account.
ACTION: James Berry create an account and/or join the project group.

3. Rob Bolton gave a presentation on the andoid workshop and strongly recommened looking at the 
worksheet given on the introduction to android programming.
ACTION: Everyone, look at worksheet and attempt to complete them.

New business
============

1. Look at Test Plan in next Fridays meeting.

2. Decided on Dan Wakefield and Josh Tumath to attend the GitHub workshop on Wednesday the 30th.
ACTION: Dan and Josh.

3. Disscussed the possibility of moving informal meeting to next Tuesday 29th at 2pm/3pm due to a 
clash with the GitHub workshop. Still not decided.
ACTION: Need to decide on definite time.

4. Looked at design plan and started to delgate individual sections of the plan to people. Decided 
on Michael Oddie to look at the use case diagrams. Jake Maguire to look at the GUI. Theo Taylor to 
look at the Gnatt chart. Will assign remaining tasks to people in the next informal meeting 
(risk analysis). Rough versions for Friday.
ACTION: Jake Maguire, Theo Taylor, Michael Oddie.

AOB
===

None.
